\documentclass[letterpaper]{article}
    \usepackage[margin=1.2in]{geometry}
    %\usepackage{fullpage}
    \usepackage{textcomp}
    \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
    \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
    \usepackage{hyperref}
    \usepackage{ulem}  % underlining
    %\usepackage{palatino}
    \usepackage{fontspec}

    % insert QR code
    %   https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/66231/how-to-put-a-picture-to-the-top-right-of-a-page
    \usepackage{graphicx} 
    \usepackage{eso-pic} 

    \newfontfamily\Lato[
        Path = fonts/,
        Extension = .ttf, 
        UprightFont = *-Regular,
        BoldFont = *-Bold,
        ItalicFont = *-Italic,
        BoldItalicFont = *-BoldItalic,
    ]{Lato}

    \setmainfont{Lato}


%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
% MACROS
    \newcommand{\impt}[1]{\uline{#1}}

    % PAGE FORMATTING
    \pagestyle{empty}
    \raggedright
    \setlength{\parskip}{1em}



%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
% VARIABLES
    
    % PERSONAL DETAILS 
    %    CVname
    %    CVaddresswrap
    %    CVemail
    %    CVphone
    \input _private.tex

    \newcommand{\CVjobTitle}{Geographic Information Systems Analyst}
    \newcommand{\CVcompany}{City of San Diego}

    % PDF METADATA
    \hypersetup{
        pdfauthor={\CVname},
        pdftitle={\CVname~- \CVjobTitle},
        pdfsubject={\CVjobTitle}
    }

    \hyphenation{
        }



%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
% DOCUMENT

\begin{document}

\large

\null\hfill August 08, 2023
\vspace{1em}

Dear Mr. Scott Daeschner,

The role of a Geographic Information Systems Analyst creates a bridge between
complex datasets and actionable insights. With over a decade of hands-on
experience in developing spatial data pipelines, orchestrating cloud-based
geospatial APIs, and crafting impactful data-driven narratives, I am
well-equipped to step into the role and navigate the intricate tapestry of GIS
challenges. My proficiency in ArcGIS, Python, and a wide range of geospatial
technologies, aligns seamlessly with my experience addressing the diverse needs
of end users.

From working extensively with ArcGIS Pro, I have mastered the art of
developing, integrating, and maintaining geospatial data, along with creating
complex analyses and map visualizations. Additionally, my familiarity with
various GIS tools, software, and spatial databases enhances my versatility.
Notably, I possess extensive expertise in constructing data geoprocessing
workflows using Python.

Residing in San Diego and legally authorized to work in the United
States, I am ready to contribute effectively to your team.

Thank you for considering my application. I eagerly await the opportunity to
discuss this opportunity further with you.

Sincerely,\\
    \hspace{1em} 
    \includegraphics[height=1.2cm]{_ar_sig.png} \\
    \CVsigname \\
    \small
    %\CVaddresswrap \\
    Tel: \CVphone \\
    email: \CVemail

\end{document}


\iffalse
Technically I have worked \impt{extensively with ArcGIS pro}

Geographic Information Systems Analyst II positions perform a variety of
technical and analytical duties related to the development, testing,
implementation, integration and modification of complex geographic information
systems (GIS) datasets and GIS related applications; provide technical support
to end users in the day-to-day operation of GIS; and perform other duties as
assigned.

 
\fi


